# copilot-instructions

> [!NOTE]
>
> This repository contains instructions for Copilot. Most of the instructions are based on this
> [https://github.com/github/awesome-copilot](https://github.com/github/awesome-copilot)
> repository but I have changed some of them to fit my needs.

## My Prompts
>
> [!NOTE]
> My custom prompts created by me for various tasks.

- create-changelog.prompt.md: Use keepachangelog format to create unreleased section from CHANGELOG_commits.md. That file is generated by the `changelog` script that I saved on my other repo called linux-system-utils.
- ralph.prompt.md: Ralph basically a while loop thing that make copilot do task until the task is done.
- translate-turkish-xml.prompt.md: A prompt to translate user-facing strings in XML files to Turkish.
- turkish-translate.prompt.md: A prompt to translate English text to Turkish professionally.
- refactor.prompt.md: A prompt to refactor code in a given file.
- refactor-decrease-lines.prompt.md: A prompt to refactor code to decrease the number of lines.
- python-pep8.prompt.md: A prompt to refactor Python code to follow PEP8 standards.

## Others that I customized from awesome-copilot

- PR-desc.instructions.md: Guidelines for writing good PR descriptions.
- commit.instructions.md: Guidelines for writing conventional commit messages.
- comments.instructions.md: Guidelines for writing good code comments. Changed to python examples.
- Other small changes;
    - Changin models
    - Changing mcp's
    - Removing microsoft specific parts.
    - Removing mcp parts.
    - Removing some sections that I don't need.
